Add instructions for clarity: exporting YOLOv8 model to ONNX + download image (#24348)
ultralytics/ultralytics: examples/YOLOv8-OpenCV-ONNX-Python/README.md

Reviewer: @weslleyskah ah I think the exporting process already been included here

    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```
    
3.  **Export the YOLOv8 Model to ONNX:**
    You must convert the PyTorch model to ONNX format before OpenCV can read it.
    ```bash
    yolo export model=yolov8n.pt imgsz=640 format=onnx opset=12
    ```

4.  **Download or use a local sample image:**

>     Download a sample image or use a local one. Save it as ``image.jpg`` inside the ``ultralytics\examples\YOLOv8-OpenCV-ONNX-Python`` directory to test the detection script.

Reviewer 2: 📝 **LOW**: This path is Windows-specific and may confuse macOS/Linux users. Since the README already lives in this example folder, using a repo-relative Windows path here is also redundant. Prefer a platform-neutral instruction like saving `image.jpg` in the current example directory.

**Suggested change:**
```suggestion
    Download a sample image or use a local one, then save it as `image.jpg` in this example directory to test the detection script.
```
